the institute of internal auditors
organized his twenty-seventh day and
under the motto inspirational time leaves
fly your ideas your guest star does not
It could be none other than Carlos Soria
mountaineer from Avila reviewed his last
expeditions in the Himalayas highlighting
all that has befallen him since
He turned 70 years old there Carlos Soria returned
to demonstrate his great capacity for work
of perseverance and also of sense
of humor these two photos of the year 79
and in the year 2000, 30 years apart
it's the first time that Spaniards were going
to the baltoro glacier to try a
Ochomil and of course I already see that shoulders
I have arms and baby and in the other that
sideburns there with horrible ankles
but with the same illusion or even more
and more effectively the first time the year
79 thirty years before we went to a
mountain we did not get to climb and in this
I did my project and I went up that
mountain also as a source of
inspiration for many people
Carlos awarded the more than 500
participants
the key that you have applied so much in your
mountaineer facet as in his stage of
upholsterer as well now in his life
of retired me now to train me
I get up at 6 in the morning I would not have
why but I do it because why not
the phone rings at 6 in the morning
until 11 does not sound like that and also I
I used to think that the great efforts
I usually do early when I'm
in the mountains and I'm going to climb high
we went to the best of a camp
the four the morning everything is doing it with
common sense and think about what you're
making the risk to minimize him at
limit in what is the same in the
business that in whatever there is that
take on some risk because if you do not
you stay for or not but to the limit and
studying well the whys the cons
and the threads and the things in favor that
have if you do it one way or another
common sense in the background not illusion by
do things right as I said before
little more with 73 years and an experience
unequaled carlos's life example
soria extends to all sectors
of society both Spanish and
international
thank you very much